Asset bundle demo (#443)
databrickslabs/dqx: docs/dqx/docs/demos.mdx

* [DQX Demo Notebook (library)](https://github.com/databrickslabs/dqx/blob/v0.7.0/demos/dqx_demo_library.py) - demonstrates how to use DQX as a library.
* [DQX Lakeflow Pipelines Demo Notebook](https://github.com/databrickslabs/dqx/blob/v0.7.0/demos/dqx_dlt_demo.py) - demonstrates how to use DQX with Lakeflow Pipelines (formerly Delta Live Tables (DLT)).

> ## Use with Databricks Asset Bundles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy using Databricks Asset Bundles
```

> ## Use with Databricks Asset Bundles

Reviewer: Should this be moved under existing section `Use as a Library`. It does not seem to be a new category. Just different way of deployment when using dqx as a library.

> * [DQX Asset Bundles Demo](https://github.com/databrickslabs/dqx/blob/v0.7.0/demos/dqx_demo_asset_bundle/README.md) - demonstrates how to deploy DQX jobs using Databricks Asset Bundles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [DQX Asset Bundles Demo](https://github.com/databrickslabs/dqx/blob/v0.7.0/demos/dqx_demo_asset_bundle/README.md) - demonstrates how to install DQX library using Databricks Asset Bundles and apply quality checks.
```
